---
title: "- **October 2022**: Open tenure track positions in CSE at WashU - Consider applying"
excerpt: ""
# date: 2022-10-06
collection: news
---

The Department of Computer Science & Engineering at Washington University in St. Louis has several tenure-track faculty openings beginning on or after July 1, 2023. 
We seek outstanding faculty at all ranks and in all areas of computer science & engineering who will build transformative research programs in their core disciplines 
and through interdisciplinary collaborations.

The department anticipates a focused recruiting effort over the next several years towards building and expanding strengths in several strategic areas, including 
(but not limited to): autonomous systems (Cyber-Physical systems + AI/Machine Learning); security; imaging & vision; human and social factors in computing; 
and distributed, large-scale data processing systems.

Candidates are expected to publish their research in peer-reviewed conferences and journals, teach, and participate in department and university service. 
The usual teaching load is one course per semester.  Diversity and inclusion are core values at Washington University, and candidates should demonstrate
the ability to create inclusive classrooms and environments in which a diverse array of students can learn and thrive.

Applicants must hold a doctorate in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a closely related field. Qualified applicants should submit a complete application 
(cover letter, curriculum vitae, research statement, teaching statement, and diversity statement) through Interfolio at [http://apply.interfolio.com/115036](http://apply.interfolio.com/115036), 
and arrange for at least three letters of references to be directly submitted on their behalf.   Applications may be accepted and reviewed until the position is filled, 
but all applications received before December 15, 2022, will be given full consideration.

Please contact [recruiting@cse.wustl.edu](mailto:recruiting@cse.wustl.edu) for questions related to this search.

Washington University is a private university with roughly 7,000 full-time undergraduates and 7,000 graduate students. It is nationally known for the exceptional quality 
of its student body and for its attractive campus, which borders residential neighborhoods and one of the nation's largest urban parks. 
Many faculty members walk or bike to work. St. Louis combines a Midwest cost of living with a vibrant metropolitan area, offering a wealth of cultural and entertainment 
opportunities.  Our faculty and staff are known for our collegiality and for providing a supportive environment for new arrivals.

Washington University in St. Louis is committed to the principles and practices of equal
employment opportunity and especially encourages applications by those underrepresented in their
academic fields. It is the University’s policy to provide equal opportunity and access to persons in all job
titles without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression,
national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or genetic information.
